README.md, before:

# A simple bookmark extension
This project is to build a simple bookmark extension for Chrome browser using javascript, html and css

### Description of the extension
It is chrome extension. When you deploy it, you can see it in the list of extensions in your chrome browser.
The interface of extension looks like this when you use it

![Image of extension](https://i.ibb.co/g3NN1RT/pic-of-app.png)

* You can copy/paste an url of a website or web page of person you want to take note in the text box. Hit SAVE INPUT to save it
* You can easily save the url of current tab by click SAVE TAB button
* If you want to delete all items of the list, double click on DELETE ALL button.

A image of extension when it is in use!

![Image of extension when it is in use](https://i.ibb.co/n7mL40k/pic-of-app2.png)

### How to deploy this extension
* Download all files in this repo
* Go to chrome//extensions in your chrome browser (or click 3 dot in the top right conner of chrome, go to More tools, then click Extensions)
* Turn on the developer mode
* Click 'upload unpacked'
* Choose the folder of all files you just downloaded from this repo
* Then it is done

Commit message:

update Personal Dashboard extension picture

README.md, after:

# A simple bookmark extension
It is chrome extension. When you deploy it, you can see it in the list of extensions in your chrome browser.
The interface of extension looks like this when you use it

![Image of extension](https://i.ibb.co/g3NN1RT/pic-of-app.png)

* You can copy/paste an url of a website or web page of person you want to take note in the text box. Hit SAVE INPUT to save it
* You can easily save the url of current tab by click SAVE TAB button
* If you want to delete all items of the list, double click on DELETE ALL button.

A image of extension when it is in use!

![Image of extension when it is in use](https://i.ibb.co/n7mL40k/pic-of-app2.png)

# A personal Dashboard extension
This project is to build a extension for Chrome browser, whenever the user open new tab of Chrome, a personal dashboard will appear with some information
![Personal Dashboard](https://i.ibb.co/6v8sLKF/demo.png)

### How to deploy this extension
* Download all files in this repo
* Go to chrome//extensions in your chrome browser (or click 3 dot in the top right conner of chrome, go to More tools, then click Extensions)
* Turn on the developer mode
* Click 'upload unpacked'
* Choose the folder of all files you just downloaded from this repo
* Then it is done
